Sheel Shah 31 Broadway Gardens, Mitcham, Surrey, CR44EF Mobile: 07470078752 E-mail: shahsheel@outlook.com Profile An educated individual with knowledge in various languages. Reading Computer Science at University Of Sussex and expecting a 2:1. Looking for an graduate role to develop his knowledge and to make a difference. 2016 . Awards Member of winning team in Global Design Challenge. Main Skills Interpersonal  Ability to work in various groups  Problem Solving  Inquisitive  Listening  Conscientious Technical  IDEs: Eclipse and NetBeans, InteliJ  Operating Systems: Windows  Frameworks: Laravel, Scrapy, Bootstrap 3  Testing: Selenium Education University Of Sussex Computer Science (With foundation year) Modules Read Program Design Database Development Foundation Programming Communication and Learning Skills Mathematics for Computing Introduction to Multimedia Introduction to Programming Programming Concepts Data structures and algorithms Further Programming Introduction to Computer Systems Professional Skills Compilers Databases Natural Language Engineering Program Analysis Computer Networks Fundamentals of Machine Learning Software Engineering 2014 - 2018 Present Modules Reading Comparative Programming Human-Computer Interaction Web Computing Limits of computation Multimedia Design and Applications Operating Systems Cheam High School  Distinction, Distinction* BTEC Level 3 in Biology and Chemistry. 2012 - 2014 Projects JobRecommend  In progress of developing a Job Recommended full-stack website for my Present- 2017 dissertation. It will take the users CV and recommend better jobs than current solutions. Uses Laravel, Selenium, PostgreSQL and Careerjet API. Progress can be seen at: http://jobapplier.co.uk/ 2016  Library System  Developed a mock library system using Java, where a user may be given a card and borrow up to five books. https://github.com/ShahSheel/Library-System Raspberry Pi Project  Developed a security system using a Raspberry Pi. It captures any person 2015 walking past and sends them to the households owner email address as well as uploading it to a localhost server. https://github.com/ShahSheel/Raspberry-Pi-Project Restaurant Menu System  Produced a restaurant menu system in C++ where a user anything from the given menu and receives the receipt at the end. https://github.com/ShahSheel/Restaurant-Menu-System 2015 Procedural Programming  Created a mini Table-Tennis scorer game involving 2D arrays in C. 2014 Allows up to sixteen players and also displays who is the winner at the end of it of the game. https://github.com/ShahSheel/Procedural-Programming Outside Of Education  Attending hackathons hosted by Major League Hacking to learn about APIs; try to test them thoroughly to see if they are breakable and to incorporate the API(s) into a new language. During Education  Playing badminton and table games such as pool and table-tennis. Interests Referees Upon request.